Update ui-testing-considerations.md (#14152)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-docs: docs/pipelines/test/ui-testing-considerations.md

### Visible UI testing using Microsoft-hosted agents

> Visible UI Testing in not supported in Microsoft-hosted agents. The test would fail with error message "element not interactable". Microsoft-hosted agents support Headless mode UI Testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visible UI testing in not supported in Microsoft-hosted agents. The test fails with error message "element not interactable". Microsoft-hosted agents support headless browser testing.
```
